---
layout: post
title: "SYSA.CSS Framework"
description: "sysa.css is an open source and a small free set of responsive css framework that provides ready-to-use frontend components that you can easily combine to build responsive web interfaces."
author: shoaiyb
featured: true
image: assets/images/sysa.css.svg
imageshadow: true
rating: 3.5
toc: true
category: [ sysa.css ]
tag: [ css ]
---


## What is sysa.css?
sysa.css is an open source and a small free set of responsive css framework that provides ready-to-use frontend components that you can easily combine to build responsive web interfaces.      

## Purpose of sysa.css
The main purpose of sysa.css is to make front-end developing as easier as not like before.      
I've been struggling with css frameworks, some aren't memorable, And some aren't pure css, They depend on javascript.    
So I've started to think of **Why not to try my own css framework**?.     

> On Friday, May 2020, I sat down in my room with a glass of coffee and a clear mind. After a period of reflection, I had an idea. What would that look like?
>
> Over the last month I’ve brought these ideas to realization and also I'm satisfied to announce <a target="_blank" rel="nofollow" href="https://css.sysa.ml/?utm_source=sysa.ml">sysa.css</a>.      
> -- shoaiyb sysa

## Features

### Powerful responsive design
sysa.css powers responsive design using its grid system.      
It’s easy to use, and you can quickly create a responsive grid that will work well in all browsers.     
Your design will look great on all screens and resolutions.      

### Low learning curve
sysa.css framework is good for web beginners.      
Using this tool, you can join the front-end development field.      
There are lots of helpful documentation and tutorials that you can rely on whenever you have questions.     

### Easy to customize
sysa.css is much more flexible than Bootstrap.       
The front-end developer has full control over the UIs.      

### Readable and memorial class names
sysa.css provides the developers with readable CSS class names and ready-to-use components to build mobile-friendly interfaces.       
It is incredibly easy to recognize and remember the CSS class names because all of them are named logically.       

### Pure CSS, no JavaScript
sysa.css created in pure CSS. Whenever you use the framework, all you need is one .css file, and no .js is required.      
Besides, developers can easily add custom look on all the components via modifier classes and variables.      

## What sysa.css can do?
sysa.css can be used to built a responsive & stylized design website.

## Why sysa.css?
sysa.css is easier to use.

## What's the difference?
sysa.css and some other css frameworks has many differences.     

## Built with sysa.css
Examples of templates created using sysa.css are located <a target="_blank" rel="nofollow" href="https://css.sysa.ml/built-with/">here</a>.     

## More about
To learn more about sysa.css visit the <a target="_blank" rel="nofollow" href="https://css.sysa.ml/?utm_source=sysa.ml">documentations</a> page.     

## License
sysa.css is licensed under MIT License.     
See <a target="_blank" rel="nofollow" href="https://css.sysa.ml/license/">license</a>.
